(soft music)
All right, this a really exciting
section of the course.
We are gonna start working with Thymeleaf
and the reactive types.
And we've been working with Reactive
for a little bit now on the course
and to be honest right now,
the annotations, all the controller annotations
with Webflux, are supposed to be highly compatible
with Spring MVC.
There's a couple little gotchs
that we're gonna run into in this section
where we see some incompatibilities.
And some of us do the nature of
I'm not having the Servlet model anymore
and the reactive stack which is WebFlux.
But I think what we're gonna see it as
additional releases of Spring and WebFlux come out,
I think this is gonna smooth out
quite a bit.
The API is still very new.
Just to caution you,
I'm working off a pre-GA release right now.
I expect the Spring team is gonna smooth things out
especially as we get into 5.1, 5.2 and so on
we are gonna definitely see the API smoothed out.
But we do get into some workarounds here
and I'm taking it as a learning opportunity
to show you some sayings a little bit more in depth
with the Spring Framework
so we are gonna learn here.
We are gonna get more accustomed to using
these reactive types which you are gonna see
is as we go in and start using
the reactive types what is ideal
is if we're making a request
for a read and coming back
now we're getting in that Publisher
going round trip to the database
and it's gonna start getting executed
in the Thymeleaf engine.
So that's really cool.
That gives us a full reactive
of sweep through the system.
But when we start getting into saving and
persisting data, that's where we're gonna have to
do a block and actually get the data out of the database.
Do our validations and then persist it so
a little hard to do full stack reactive there
but you'll see that as we work through this,
we're gonna learn a lot on this section.
A lot of cool stuff going on.
I'm personally having fun with reactive types
so I hope you are too
because this is really, some really, really cool stuff.
And we are gonna be working with a lot of reactive stuff
coming up in this course.
But in this section, we are gonna be working
with ThymeLeaf and the reactive types with ThymeLeaf.
So we've got a lot of cool stuff
coming up in this part of the course.